Gh-387: Update the "What is Gaffer" page in the user guide (#396)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/user-guide/gaffer-basics/what-is-gaffer.md

        B --> C(Gaffer)
        C --> D(key-value store)
    end
```

!!! note
    Knowledge of the [Gaffer schema](../schema.md) in use is usually required to

>     formulate a graph query but technically optional hence the dotted connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    formulate a graph query, but doesn't form part of the query itself - hence the dotted connection.
```

## Why would you want to use Gaffer?

Conceptually a graph database/data platform can have a large variety of uses
where it'll provide specific advantages over other data storage/analytic

> platforms which will be discussed in the ["What is Graph?"](./what-is-a-graph.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platforms which is discussed in the ["What is Graph?"](./what-is-a-graph.md)
```
Even if this isn't completed yet, we don't want to have to come back and change this page I don't think.

section of these docs. Gaffer provides an extensible and straightforward way to
insert, manage and query the graph data stored in the underlying storage systems

> (ie. Accumulo) that is native to the community.

Reviewer: "native to the community" - I don't understand this

Author: I think it doesn't really add much to the sentence so will remove
